Sara/mkt 146 document permissions needed to enable (#346)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/integrations.md

---
slug: integrations
append_help_link: true
title: Integrations
description: "Semgrep App contains 3rd party integrations to allow users to add data from Semgrep to other tools that are part of their workflows."
---

import MoreHelp from "/src/components/MoreHelp"

# Integrating Semgrep App with third-party tools

> Semgrep App contains third-party integrations to allow you to add data from Semgrep to other tools that are part of your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add data from Semgrep to other tools that are part of your workflows with third-party integrations.
```

> Currently, Semgrep App integrates with the following tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep App integrates with the following tools:
```

Currently is a dangerous word in documentation, this document can get outdated very quickly... :D

| Tool | Tier availability |
| ---- | ---------------- |
| Slack | Community (Free) |
| Email | Community (Free) |
| Jira | Team/Enterprise |
| Amazon S3 | Team/Enterprise |
| Webhook | Team/Enterprise |

## Finding available integrations

To find available integrations for Semgrep App, follow these steps:

1. Sign in to your [Semgrep App account](https://semgrep.dev/).
2. Click **Settings**.
3. Click **Integrations**.

![Screenshot of Semgrep's "Create New Integration Channel" menu](../img/integration-firstview.png)<br />

## Managing integrations

To view, disable, or enable your saved integration channels:

1. In the **Integrations** tab, click the **gear** icon within the **Rule board**.
2. Select the toggles to turn notifications on or off for each channel.

![Screenshot of the Semgrep rule board with integrations](../img/integration-ruleboard.png)<br />

## Integrating various third-party tools

This section describes how to integrate Semgrep App into particular third-party tools.

### Slack

> Integrating with Slack allows Semgrep to send findings to a channel on your Slack workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrate Semgrep with Slack to receive findings in a channel of a Slack workspace.
```

> To set it up, create an app within Slack and enable that app's **Incoming Webhooks** feature. By creating a webhook, you'll have a URL that serves as Semgrep's endpoint to your Slack workplace. Follow the guide below to create the app and webook, and integrate with Semgrep:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set it up, create an app within Slack and enable the app's **Incoming Webhooks** feature. By creating a webhook, you have a URL that serves as Semgrep's endpoint to your Slack workplace. Follow the guide below to create the app and webhook, and integrate with Semgrep:
```

1. Log in to your Slack account. Enter your login details in [Slack workspace](https://slack.com/workspace-signin).

> 2. Create an app in your Slack workplace by following this link: [Slack apps](https://api.slack.com/apps?new_app=1).

Reviewer: Workplace or workspace?

3. Select **From scratch** and fill in the fields for your app's name and workspace.
![Screenshot of a Slack form to fill out new app details](../img/slack-create-app-name.png)

> 4. You will be redirected to your new app's settings page. Alternatively, you can find this page by viewing your apps [here](https://api.slack.com/apps) and selecting your integration app from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You are redirected to your new app's settings page. Alternatively, you can find this page by viewing your apps [here](https://api.slack.com/apps) and selecting your integration app from the menu.
```

> 5. Click on **Incoming Webhooks** on the left menu, and then enable the toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Incoming Webhooks** in the left menu, and then enable the toggle.
```

Reviewer: See https://developers.google.com/style/procedures?hl=en for reference.

6. After you have enabled **Incoming Webhooks**, follow one of these steps:
    - Generate a **Webhook URL**.
    - Request to add a new webhook from a workspace owner.

> 7. After you've obtained the Webhook URL, return to Semgrep and create a new Slack integration. Name the integration and copy-paste the URL into the **Slack URL** field. You may opt to select the **Inventory** flag to include notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.

Reviewer 2: Do we have any docs about Code Asset Inventory? If we have them, would be nice to link here!

Author: There's no mention of CAI in the docs at all. I'll add a task for it :)

> 7. After you've obtained the Webhook URL, return to Semgrep and create a new Slack integration. Name the integration and copy-paste the URL into the **Slack URL** field. You may opt to select the **Inventory** flag to include notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After obtain the Webhook URL, return to Semgrep and create a new Slack integration. Name the integration and copy-paste the URL into the **Slack URL** field. You may opt to select the **Inventory** flag to include notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.
```

> 8. You can **Test** then select which channel you'd like Semgrep to start posting to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. You can **Test**, and then select in which channel you receive notifications.
```

You can? Click Test? Use Test? Missing word.
There is technically no big issue here with the preposition at the end of the sentence, but if we can make it simpler the better it will be. https://developers.google.com/style/prepositions?hl=en

![Screenshot of the Slack Request Webhook  ](../img/slack-integration-hooktest.png)<br />

> 9. After you've verified that everything is working, remember to **Save** the final configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Save**.
```

Reviewer: Avoid word clutter.

> 10. Remember to turn notifications on by going to the **Rule board**, clicking on the **gear icon,** then clicking on the toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. To enable notifications, go to the **Rule board**, click on the **gear icon**, and then click on the integration's toggle.
```

Is it the integration's toggle or integrations toggle? Should this word be bold as well? (I know integrations is not mentioned here - but do you mean the icon of the particular integration? Maybe specify it. Like a Slack or Amazon icon?)
Use imperative as much as possible. It is quicker to read and readers understand what they need to do quicker. Again, please, do not use bold tags or any other tags for the characters which are not part of the words you want to emphasize.

Author: Shortened this by saying "Turn notifications on by going to the **Rule board**, clicking on the **gear icon**, then clicking the toggle next to the name of the integration.  (And adjusted all sections accordingly.)

Here is a sample of a Slack message sent from Semgrep with findings:

![Screenshot of Slack message with findings ](../img/slack-semgrep-findings.png)<br />

#### Additional resources

* https://api.slack.com/apps
* https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#enable_webhooks

#### See also

[Notifications -> Slack](notifications.md/#slack)

### Email

> Email integration allows Semgrep to send new findings to an email address of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receive Semgrep findings in email address of your choice with email integration.
```

To set up email integration:

> 1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration**.
```

2. Click on **Email**.
3. Enter a **Name** for the integration.
4. Enter the **Email address** that will receive Semgrep findings.

> 5. Select the **Inventory** check box if you would like to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Optional: Select the **Inventory** check box to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.
```

Avoid modal verbs. To make this step optional, mark it as optional. See: https://developers.google.com/style/procedures?hl=en#optional-steps

> 6. Click **Save.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Save**.
```

> 7. Remember to turn notifications on by going to the **Rule board**, clicking on the **gear icon,** then clicking on the toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To enable notifications, go to the **Rule board**, click on the **gear icon**, and then click on the integration's toggle.
```

Is it the integration's toggle or integrations toggle? Should this word be bold as well?
Use imperative as much as possible. It is quicker to read and readers understand what they need to do quicker. Again, please, do not use bold tags or any other tags for the characters which are not part of the words you want to emphasize.

> Here is a sample of an email sent from Semgrep with findings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample of an email sent from Semgrep with findings:
```

![Screenshot of Semgrep email with findings ](../img/integrations-email-findings.png)<br />

#### See also
[Notifcations -> Email](notifications.md/#email)

### Jira

Jira integration is a feature available in Semgrep's Team tier and above.

This integration allows you to create Jira tickets directly from the **Findings** page with relevant information about a particular finding.

To set up Jira integration:

1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration**.

> 2. Click on **Jira.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on **Jira**.
```

3. Enter a **Name** for the integration.
4. Enter the **email address** used for the Atlassian account.
5. Enter your Atlassian **domain URL**.
6. Enter your **Project key**. This is the prefix for tasks created within a project. Semgrep will create issues to the project identified here.

> 7. Enter the **Issue type.** This is the type of issue for Semgrep findings, for example, *Bug.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Enter the **Issue type**. This is the type of issue for Semgrep findings, for example, *Bug*.
```

> 8. Enter the **API Token**. Tokens are generated through this link: [Manage API Tokens](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Enter the **API Token**. Tokens are generated through the following link: [Manage API Tokens](https://support.atlassian.com/atlassian-account/docs/manage-api-tokens-for-your-atlassian-account).
```

Does a user need to click the link? If so, say it in imperative form: To generate the token, click the following link.
For more information, see [Google style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/link-text?hl=en). :-)

> 9. Click **Save.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Save**.
```

To create a Jira ticket from Semgrep:

> 1. In **Findings**, click on the **three-dot icon** of the entry to create a Jira ticket for.

Reviewer 2: In **Findings**, click on the **three-dot icon** of the entry to create a Jira ticket for [the finding].

Author: Nice catch, thank you!

![Creating a Jira ticket from the Findings page](../img/jira-findings-page.png)<br />
2. Select **Create issue with Semgrep Jira Integration.**
![Output of Jira integration](../img/jira-template.png)

### Webhooks

Webhooks are a feature available in Semgrep's Team tier and above.

> Webhooks are a generic method for Semgrep to post JSON-formatted findings after each scan to your URL endpoint.  To set up a webhook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webhooks are a generic method for Semgrep to post JSON-formatted findings after each scan to your URL endpoint. To set up a webhook:
```

> 1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Integrations**, click **Add Integration**.
```

Is this caused by setup of the editor?

> 2. Click **Webhook.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Webhook**.
```

3. Enter a **Name** for the integration.

> 4. Enter the **Webhook URL.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter the **Webhook URL**.
```

5. Select the **Inventory** check box if you would like to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.

> 6. To ensure that Semgrep can post to your URL, click **Test.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. To ensure that Semgrep can post to your URL, click **Test**. 
```

![Successful webhook integration test](../img/webhook-successful-test.png)<br />

> 7. Click **Save.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Save**.
```

> 8. Remember to turn notifications on by going to the **Rule board**, clicking on the **gear icon,** then clicking on the integration's toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. To enable notifications, go to the **Rule board**, click on the **gear icon**, and then click the integration's toggle.
```

Is it the integration's toggle or integrations toggle? Should this word be bold as well?
Use imperative as much as possible. It is quicker to read and readers understand what they need to do quicker. Again, please, do not use bold tags or any other tags for the characters which are not part of the words you want to emphasize.

> Here is a sample of a webhook sent from Semgrep with findings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample of a webhook sent from Semgrep with findings:
```

![Screenshot of Semgrep webhook JSON with findings ](../img/integrations-webhook-findings.png)<br />

#### See also:

[Notifcations -> Webhooks](notifications.md/#webhooks)

### Amazon S3

> 1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Integrations,** click **Add Integration**.
```

Reviewer: Elements like full stop are not the words we need to emphasize.

> 2. Click **AWS S3.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **AWS S3**.
```

> 3. Enter the **Channel name** for the integration.

Reviewer: What exactly means **for** the integration? A channel where a user receives notifications about Amazon S3 status? Not sure about the goal of this whole section here.

Author: Ok, I've clarified by adding: "Enter the AWS S3 **Channel name**. This is where Semgrep will post findings."

> 4. Select the **Inventory** check box if you would like to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optional: Select the **Inventory** check box to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.
```

Avoid modal verbs. To make this step optional, mark it as optional. See: https://developers.google.com/style/procedures?hl=en#optional-steps

> 5. To ensure that Semgrep can post to your channel, click **Test.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To ensure that Semgrep can post to your channel, click **Test**.
```

> 6. Click **Save.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Save**.
```

> 7. Remember to turn notifications on by going to the **Rule board**, clicking on the **gear icon,** then clicking on the integration's toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. To enable notifications, go to the **Rule board**, click on the **gear icon**, and then click on the integration's toggle.
```

Is it the integration's toggle or integrations toggle? Should this word be bold as well?
Use imperative as much as possible. It is quicker to read and readers understand what they need to do quicker. Again, please, do not use bold tags or any other tags for the characters which are not part of the words you want to emphasize.

# Integrations

Semgrep App contains third party integrations to allow users to add data from Semgrep to other tools that are part of their workflows.

Currently, Semgrep App integrates with the following tools:

| Tool | Tier availability |
| ---- | ---------------- |
| Slack | Community (Free) |
| Email | Community (Free) |
| Jira | Team |
| Amazon S3 | Team |
| Webhook | Team |

## Where are integrations found?

After logging into your Semgrep App account, you can find **Integrations** as a tab within **Settings.**

> ![Screenshot of Semgrep's "Create New Integration Channel" menu](../img/integration-firstview.png)<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of Semgrep's "Create New Integration Channel" menu](../img/integration-firstview.png)
```

Reviewer: Maybe try `</p>` to achieve a similar result which would be less problematic in different browsers?

Author: @adamkvitek We'll fix this eventually, but keeping it for now to maintain layout consistency with the rest of the docs. I will also be resolving other similar issues. Thank you :)

> # Integrations

Author: Thanks for pointing out the vagueness. We are integrating **with** third party apps, not just "tools." We are not just setting up notifications, because some integrations create tickets within the app. I will update these last 4 findings tomorrow.

Thanks for all the help, @adamkvitek !

Semgrep App contains third party integrations to allow users to add data from Semgrep to other tools that are part of their workflows.

Currently, Semgrep App integrates with the following tools:

| Tool | Tier availability |
| ---- | ---------------- |
| Slack | Community (Free) |
| Email | Community (Free) |
| Jira | Team |
| Amazon S3 | Team |
| Webhook | Team |

## Where are integrations found?

> After logging into your Semgrep App account, you can find **Integrations** as a tab within **Settings.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find available integrations for the Semgrep App, follow these steps:

1. Sign in to your [Semgrep App account](https://semgrep.dev/).
2. Click **Settings**.
3. Click **Integrations**.
```

Let us use steps, always program people... I think we are using sign in instead of log in.

![Screenshot of Semgrep's "Create New Integration Channel" menu](../img/integration-firstview.png)<br />

> View your saved integration channels by clicking on the **gear** icon within the **Rule board**. Click on the toggles to turn notifications on or off for each channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing integrations
To view, disable or enable your saved integration channels:

1. In the **Integrations** tab, click the **gear** icon within the **Rule board**.
2. Click on the toggles to turn notifications on or off for each channel.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![Screenshot of the Semgrep rule board with integrations](../img/integration-ruleboard.png)<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![Screenshot of the Semgrep rule board with integrations](../img/integration-ruleboard.png)
```

Reviewer: I would avoid using `<br />` - I have been told that different browsers can interpret it in various ways.

> ## Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integrating various third-party tools

This section describes how to integrate particular third-party tools into Semgrep App.

### Slack
```

Reviewer: Again to my first comment - I'm not sure - are we integrating Semgrep App with third-party tools or third-party tools are integrated into Semgrep App? Fix my error in the text below the Integrating various third-party tools if I was mistaken, please.

Integrating with Slack allows Semgrep to post messages after each scan about new findings to a channel on your Slack workspace.

> To set it up, you'll need to create an app within Slack and enable that app's **Incoming Webhooks** feature. By creating a webhook, you'll have a URL which serves as Semgrep's endpoint to your Slack workplace. The guide below will walk you through those steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set it up, create an app within Slack and enable that app's **Incoming Webhooks** feature. By creating a webhook, you'll have a URL that serves as Semgrep's endpoint to your Slack workplace. Follow the guide below to achieve this goal:
```

Author: Edited your suggestion slightly: "To set it up, create an app within Slack and enable that app's **Incoming Webhooks** feature. By creating a webhook, you'll have a URL that serves as Semgrep's endpoint to your Slack workplace. Follow the guide below to create the app and webook, and integrate with Semgrep:"

> 1. Make sure that you're logged into your Slack account. You can enter your login details [here.](https://slack.com/workspace-signin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Slack account. Enter your login details in [Slack workspace](https://slack.com/workspace-signin).
```

Reviewer: Just heads up :-), be sure to:

1. Use something concrete for the link's text. Do not use click here, click this. Say what a reader can expect inside of the link.
2. Do not include full stops in links.
3. Make steps imperatives.

Author: Agree on all points. I'd like to add though, that in some cases "Make sure you are in [x state]" is an appropriate phrase, as seen in this [django tutorial](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docs/blob/main/docs/python/tutorial-django.md). Have committed your suggestion!

> 2. Follow this [link](https://api.slack.com/apps?new_app=1) to create an app in your Slack workplace. Select **From scratch** and fill in the fields for your app's name and workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an app in your Slack workplace. To do so, click the following hyperlink: [Slack apps](https://api.slack.com/apps?new_app=1) .
3. Select **From scratch** and fill in the fields for your app's name and workspace.
```

Author: Agree with your suggestion, but will edit it slightly:
2. Create an app in your Slack workplace by following this link:  [Slack apps](https://api.slack.com/apps?new_app=1)

Can we agree to use "link" over "hyperlink"?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This way, the image will be correctly formatted and nested inside of the numbered list. When we include the empty line, we are breaking the formatting.

> ![Screenshot of a Slack form to fill out new app details](../img/slack-create-app-name.png)<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![Screenshot of a Slack form to fill out new app details](../img/slack-create-app-name.png)
```

Reviewer: I would avoid using `<br />` - I have been told that different browsers can interpret it in various ways.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. You will be redirected to your new app's settings page. Alternatively, you can find this page by viewing your apps [here](https://api.slack.com/apps) and selecting your integration app from the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You are redirected to your new app's settings page. Alternatively, you can find this page by viewing your apps [here](https://api.slack.com/apps) and selecting your integration app from the menu.
```

Reviewer: Use present simple.

Author: I think there are cases where present simple sounds a little awkward? And in some cases, I think it's okay to use "you will be", like [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-docs/blob/main/docs/containers/app-service.md)

> 4. Click on **Incoming Webhooks** on the left menu, then enable the toggle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click on **Incoming Webhooks** on the left menu, and then enable the toggle.
```

Reviewer: Google-style guide issue. I know... we have not agreed upon which one to use now. Take this only as a real suggestion.

Author: I agree with it! Committing. :)

> 5. Once you've enabled **Incoming Webhooks**, you'll either be able to generate a **Webhook URL** or request one from a workspace owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When you enabled **Incoming Webhooks**, follow one of these steps:
    - Generate a **Webhook URL**.
    - Request such a URL from a workspace owner.
```

Author: I agree that "once" should not be used as a synonym for "after" and that I should not have used a contraction in this case. I'd prefer "After" over "When" though, so editing that now then committing :)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![Screenshot of the Slack Request Webhook  ](../img/slack-request-enable.png)<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ![Screenshot of the Slack Request Webhook  ](../img/slack-request-enable.png)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. After you've obtained the URL, return to Semgrep and create a new Slack integration. Name the integration and copy-paste the URL into the **Slack URL** field. You can **Test** then select which channel you'd like Semgrep to start posting to. Select the **Inventory** flag to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings. Finally, after you've verified that everything is working, remember to **Save** the final configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After you've obtained the Webhook URL, return to Semgrep and create a new Slack integration.
8. Name the integration and copy-paste the URL into the **Slack URL** field. Select the **Inventory** flag to receive notifications about Code Asset Inventory findings.
9. Click **Save**, to save the final configuration.
```

Reviewer: A lot of steps in one step. Better to make two actions in one step at most.

Author: I updated the PR yesterday, so you might have been editing an older one git commit! (Hence the 'outdated' label). But it looks like we were generally in agreement, after I started editing my draft. I'll add your edits manually because I can no longer 'commit suggestion' from here.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ![Screenshot of the Slack Request Webhook  ](../img/slack-integration-hooktest.png)<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the Slack Request Webhook  ](../img/slack-integration-hooktest.png)
```
